README.md, before:

NAME
====

color-paths - filepath segment colorizer

SYNOPSIS
========

    locate myfile | color-paths
    find . -name myfile | color-paths

DESCRIPTION
===========

Colors the path segments in each path given on stdin or in the file
specified in the argument.

AUTHOR
======

Wojciech Siewierski < wojciech dot siewierski at gmail dot com >

COPYRIGHT
=========

Copyright (C) 2013-2014  Wojciech Siewierski

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

documented a bug occurring on Python 2

README.md, after:

NAME
====

color-paths - filepath segment colorizer

SYNOPSIS
========

    locate myfile | color-paths
    find . -name myfile | color-paths

DESCRIPTION
===========

Colors the path segments in each path given on stdin or in the file
specified in the argument.

Python 3 **STRONGLY** recommended. Works on Python 2 but crashes on
non-ascii characters. Fixing it is in my todo.

AUTHOR
======

Wojciech Siewierski < wojciech dot siewierski at gmail dot com >

COPYRIGHT
=========

Copyright (C) 2013-2014  Wojciech Siewierski

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
